docs: release guide (#3821)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: docs/maintainers/release-guide.md

# Release Guide

The target audience for this guide is maintainers of this repo. In general, the release process is as follows:

1. Create a release candidate
1. Test the release candidate
    1. If the release candidate is not satisfactory, go back to step 1
    1. If the release candidate is satisfactory, create an official release

## Release Candidate

> To create a release candidate:

Reviewer: I'd suggest convert it to a sub-header so that it can be referenced in the `Official Release` section.
```suggestion
### Creating a release candidate
```

1. Navigate to <https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/releases/new>.

> 1. Choose a version tag based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). Include the `-rc` suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose a version tag based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). Include the `-rc` suffix followed by the next integer. RCs start at 0.
```
Just a nit for more information

1. Change the target branch to `v1.x` or `v2.x` based on the version you're releasing.
1. Click **Generate release notes**.
1. Toggle on the **Set as a pre-relase** checkbox.
1. **Publish release**.

> After creating the release candidate:

Reviewer: The same here:

```suggestion
### After creating the release candidate
```

1. Wait until CI passes on the release and verify that prebuilt binaries were attached to the release.
1. Create a PR to bump the celestia-app dependency in [celestia-node](https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-node).
1. [Optional] Start a testnet via auto-devops that uses the release candidate. Confirm it works.
1. [Optional] Use the release candidate to sync from genesis. Confirm it works.

## Official Release

> Follow the steps above for creating a release candidate:

Reviewer: Together with my previous comment, this part can be modified to something like this

```suggestion
Follow the [creating a release candidate](#creating-a-release-candidate) section with the following considerations: 
```
